## Privacy Policy

_Last updated: 10/30/2023_

This Privacy Policy sets out how Syntax, operated by Functional
Software, Inc. dba Sentry, collects, discloses, and uses personal
information about you and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This
Privacy Policy applies to personal information that we collect when you
visit our website at syntax.fm ("**Site**", access or interact with our
podcasts or other content ("**Content**", visit or make a purchase from
our branded merchandise store at https://sentry.shop/ ("**Store**", or
communicate or otherwise interact with us (collectively, the
"**Service**". If you do not agree with this policy, please do not
access or use our Service.

We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are
fully informed. However, if you only want to access a particular section
of this Privacy Policy, then you can click on the relevant link below to
jump to that section.

### Table of contents

1.  [What personal information does Syntax collect?](#personal-info-collect)

2.  [What does Syntax use my personal information for?](#personal-info-for)

3.  [Who does Syntax disclose my personal information to?](#personal-info-who)

4.  [Cookies and similar tracking technology](#cookies)

5.  [How does Syntax keep my personal information secure?](#personal-info-secure)

6.  [International Data Transfers](#intl-data-transfers)

7.  [Data retention](#data-retention)

8.  [Your data protection rights](#your-data-rights)

9.  [Children's privacy](#childrens-privacy)

10. [User generated content](#user-generated-content)

11. [Third-party websites](#third-party-websites)

12. [Updates to this Privacy Policy](#updates)

13. [How to contact us](#contact-us)

[Supplemental notice for EU or UK individuals](#supplemental-eu-and-uk)

[Supplemental notice for California residents](#supplemental-california)

[Supplemental notice for other US states](#supplemental-us-other)

---

#### 1. What personal information does Syntax collect? <a name="personal-info-collect"></a>

The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls
into the following categories:

- _Information that you provide_

We collect information about you when you input it into our Service or
otherwise provide it directly to us.

**Account and profile creation**

We collect information about you when you register for an account,
create or modify your profile, and set preferences for the Service. For
example, you may provide your contact information, including your first
and last name, email address, and password when you register for the
Service. You may also have the option of adding an avatar to your
profile to be displayed in the Service. We keep track of your
preferences when you select settings within the Service, including
settings for displaying Content.

**Sign in via other platforms **

Instead of creating a user account, you can log in via your account with
other platforms. We will not collect the password that you use for the
relevant platform, but we may collect details from your account with the
platform, such as username, email address, and avatar (to be displayed
in the Service).

**Requests and inquiries**

You may choose to provide us with information when you contact us about
our Service or otherwise interact with us. For example, you may choose
to submit feedback on our Content. You may submit your contact
information to receive newsletters or marketing communications from us
or to make an inquiry through our Service. You may also provide content
to us when you participate in a survey, contest, promotion, sweepstake,
activity, or event, including via social media and other content
platforms.

**Orders**

If you make a purchase at our Store, we will collect order information,
such as the products that you purchase, billing and shipping address,
and payment information. Please note that any payment information you
provide is sent directly to a third-party payment processor. We have no
access to and do not store your payment information.

- _*Information that we collect from your device and usage*_

We collect certain information about your device and how you and your
device interact with us and our Service. In some countries, including
countries in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom, this
information may be considered personal data under applicable data
protection laws.

Specifically, the information we collect will include information such
as your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers,
browser-type, general location information (such as inferred from an IP
address), and referring URL. We also collect information about how you
and your device have interacted with our Service or with us via email,
including the pages and Content you accessed, products you viewed and
purchased, links you clicked, and when you accessed and for how long.

Some of this information is collected using cookies and similar tracking
technology, as explained further under the heading ["Cookies and similar
tracking technology"](#cookies) below.

- _*Information that we obtain from third party sources*_

From time to time, we receive personal information about you from
third-party sources, including from vendors and service providers who
may collect information on our behalf, such as companies who support our
Store (e.g., our e-commerce platform provider, payment processors, and
fulfillment services provider).

The types of information we obtain from third parties may include name
and email address. We may combine this information with information we
collect through other means described above. This helps us to maintain
and improve the accuracy of our records, identify new users, deliver
personalized communications, and suggest Content and other products and
services that may be of interest to you.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 2. What does Syntax use my personal information for? <a name="personal-info-for"></a>

We use your information for business and commercial purposes, such as
to:

- Provide, maintain, and improve our Service, including process your
  payments and fulfill your orders;

- Manage your account and send you related information, including
  notifications and confirmations related to your account, purchases,
  returns, exchanges, or other transactions;

- Respond to your comments, questions, and requests, and provide
  support services;

- Communicate with you about Content and other products and services,
  and news and information we think may be of interest to you;

- Monitor and analyse trends, usage, and activities in connection with
  the Service and our communications to you;

- Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other
  illegal activities, protect the rights and property of Syntax and
  others, and comply with legal requirements;

- Personalize and improve the Service and provide Content and features
  that match your profile and interests, and remember information
  about your preferences for the Service;

- Administer surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, and other
  activities; and

- Carry out any other purpose for which the information was
  collected.

We may aggregate or de-identify information collected through the
Service. We may use aggregated or de-identified data for any purpose,
including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and
may also disclose such data to any third parties, including without
limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, and others.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 3. Who does Syntax disclose my personal information to? <a name="personal-info-who"></a>

We disclose your personal information to the following categories of
recipients:

- **Affiliate companies** who help operate and improve our Service
  (including to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or
  help to enhance the security of our Service), offer other Syntax
  affiliated services to you, or who otherwise process personal
  information for the purposes described in this policy. The
  protections of this policy apply to the information we disclose in
  these circumstances.

- **Third-party service providers** who provide hosting, support,
  payment processing, billing, order fulfillment, communication,
  analytics, analysis, and other services to us, which may require
  them to access or use information about you. If a service provider
  needs to access or use information about you to perform services on
  our behalf, they do so under appropriate security and
  confidentiality procedures designed to protect your information.

- **Third-party business partners** when you choose to use their
  accelerated checkout options for purchases at our Store, including
  Shopify Shop Pay ("**Third-Party Checkout Services**". By doing so
  you consent to Syntax disclosing your account and applicable order
  information with the business partner. Please note that when you use
  Third-Party Checkout Services, your use will be governed by their
  own terms and privacy policies.

- Any **competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency,
  court, or other third party** where we believe disclosure is
  necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to
  exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect
  your vital interests or those of any other person.

- An **actual or** **potential buyer** (and its agents and advisers)
  in connection with any actual or\*\* \*\*proposed purchase, merger, or
  acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the
  buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes
  disclosed in this policy.

- Any **other person with your consent** to the disclosure.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 4. Cookies and similar tracking technology <a name="cookies"></a>

We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively,
"**Cookies**" to collect and use personal information about you,
including to power and improve our Service, understand and save your
preferences, and to compile aggregate data about Service interaction.
This includes Cookies that we use to power our Store with Shopify, our
e-commerce platform provider ("**Shopify Cookies**"). For specific
information about Shopify Cookies, see [Shopify's Cookie Policy](https://www.shopify.com/legal/cookies).

Cookies may be associated with de-identified data linked to or derived
from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email
address) that we may share with a service provider in hashed,
non-human-readable form.

You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the setting on your
browser that allows you to refuse the setting of Cookies and choosing
not to opt into Cookies via the banner displayed upon your first visit
to our Store. You can find information on popular browsers and how to
adjust your Cookie preferences at the browser provider's websites. You
can choose to disable Cookies, but if you do, your ability to use or
access certain parts of our Service may be affected.

We do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track
signals.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 5. How does Syntax keep my personal information secure? <a name="personal-info-secure"></a>

We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the
personal information that we collect and process about you. The measures
we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the
risk of processing your personal information. However, no security
system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet,
we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the
Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is
absolutely safe from intrusion by others. In particular, email sent to
or from Syntax may not be secure, and you should therefore take special
care in deciding what information you send to us via email.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 6. International data transfers <a name="intl-data-transfers"></a>

In some cases, your personal information is transferred to, and
processed in, countries other than the country in which you are a
resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are
different from the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be
as protective).

Specifically, our Service is hosted in the United States, and our
affiliate companies and third-party service providers operate around the
world, including in the United States, Canada, and the EU. This means
that when we collect your personal information, we may process it in any
of these countries.

Where we transfer your personal information to countries and territories
outside of the EU or UK, which have been formally recognised as
providing an adequate level of protection for personal information, we
rely on the relevant "adequacy decisions"from the European Commission
and "adequacy regulations"from the Secretary of State in the United
Kingdom.

Where the transfer is not subject to an adequacy decision or
regulations, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your
personal information will remain protected in accordance with this
policy. The safeguards we use are the European Commission-approved
standard contractual clauses, the UK International Data Transfer
Agreement, and other appropriate legal mechanisms. This is how transfers
of personal information between our group companies and with our
third-party service providers will be safeguarded.

**Data Privacy Framework Notice**

Functional Software, Inc. (our registered company name) participates in
and complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework regarding the
collection, use, and retention of personal information about you that is
transferred from the European Union to the U.S.  We have self-certified
our commitment to adhere to the Data Privacy Framework Principles for
all information about you that is received from the European Union in
reliance on the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.

As required under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, when we receive
information under the EU-U.S.Data Privacy Framework and then transfer it
to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf, we have certain
liability under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework if the agent
processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework and we are responsible for the event giving rise to
the damage. We may be required to disclose information about you under
the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework in response to lawful requests by
public authorities, including to meet national security or law
enforcement requirements.

To learn more about the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework program, and to
view Sentry’s certification, please see the [Data Privacy Framework website](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/).

We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have an
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework-related (or general privacy-related)
complaint. We have further committed to cooperate and comply with the
panel of the European data protection authorities (DPAs) as our
independent recourse mechanism in the resolution of your EU-U.S. Data
Privacy Framework complaint. For unresolved complaints, you may also
contact your local data protection authority. Contact details for data
protection authorities in the European Union are available [here](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the [Data Privacy Framework website](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/), including when
other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, you may invoke
binding arbitration.

We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S.
Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 7. Data retention <a name="data-retention"></a>

We retain the personal information we collect from you where we have an
ongoing legitimate business need to do so (e.g., to provide you with a
service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or
accounting requirements). In certain circumstances, we will need to keep
your information for legal reasons after our relationship has ended. For
example, we may retain your data for longer than the usual retention
period when we have a legal obligation to do such, to deal with and
resolve requests and complaints, to protect an individual's rights and
property, and for litigation and regulatory matters. The specific
retention periods depend on the nature of the information and why it is
collected and processed and the nature of any legal requirement. The
criteria we use to determine the retention period include:

- *How long is the personal information needed to provide the Service
  or operate our business?* This includes such things as maintaining
  and improving the performance of the Service, keeping our systems
  secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records.
  This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data
  retention periods.

- *Is the personal information of a sensitive type?* If so, a
  shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.

- *Has consent been provided for a longer retention period?* If so, we
  will retain the data in accordance with your consent.

- *Is Syntax subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to
  retain the data?* Examples can include mandatory data retention laws
  in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data
  relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the
  purposes of litigation.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need or legal reason to
process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it
or, if this is not possible (e.g., because your personal information has
been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your
personal information and isolate it from any further processing until
deletion is possible.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 8. Your data protection rights <a name="your-data-rights"></a>

Depending on your location, you may have the following data protection
rights. To exercise any of them contact us using the contact details
provided under the []"How to contact us"](#contact-us) heading below. You will
be required to verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To
do so, you will need to provide information to match with our existing
records to verify your identity depending on the nature of the request
and the sensitivity of the information sought (e.g., provide your email
address).

- You may **access, correct, update, or request deletion** of your
  personal information.

- You can **object to processing** of your personal information, ask
  us to **restrict processing** of your personal information or
  **request portability** of your personal information.

- You have the right to **opt-out of marketing communications** we
  send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the
  "unsubscribe"or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails we send you or
  otherwise following the directions in the emails.

- If we have collected and processed your personal information with
  your consent, then you can **withdraw your consent** at any time.
  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any
  processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect
  processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on
  lawful processing grounds other than consent.

- You have the **right to complain to a supervisory authority** about
  our collection and use of your personal information. For more
  information, please contact your local supervisory authority.
  (Contact details for supervisory authorities in Europe are available
  [here](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm).) Certain supervisory authorities may require that you exhaust our
  own internal complaints process before looking into your complaint.

We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to
exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data
protection laws.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 9. Children's privacy <a name="childrens-privacy"></a>

Syntax\'s Service is not directed to children under 16. We do not
knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you
become aware that a child has provided us with personal information
without parental consent, please contact us using the contact details
provided under the ["How to contact us"](#contact-us) heading below. If we
become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal
information without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such
information and terminate the child\'s account.

If you are 16 or older, but have not reached your jurisdiction's age of
majority (such that you are able to enter a contract), you should only
use the Service with permission from your parent or guardian.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 10. User generated content <a name="user-generated-content"></a>

The Service may enable you to post reviews and other user generated
content. If you choose to submit user generated content to any public
area of the Service, this content will be public and accessible by
anyone.

We do not control who will have access to the information that you
choose to make available to others, and cannot ensure that parties who
have access to such information will respect your privacy or keep it
secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any
information that you make publicly available, or for the accuracy, use
or misuse of any information that you disclose or receive from third
parties.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 11. Third-party websites <a name="third-party-websites"></a>

The Service may link to third-party websites or platforms from companies
other than Syntax, such as to relevant online resources, social media
platforms, our partners'websites, payment processors, and other
third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices
or content of such other websites. If you have any questions about how
these other websites use your information, you should review their
policies and contact them directly. We are not responsible for the
actions of third parties.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 12. Updates to this Privacy Policy <a name="updates"></a>

We may update this policy from time to time in response to changing
legal, regulatory, technical, or business developments. When we update
this policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent
with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your
consent to any material changes to this policy if, and where, required
by applicable data protection laws.

You can see when this policy was last updated by checking the date
displayed at the top of this policy.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### 13. How to contact us <a name="contact-us"></a>

If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal
information, please contact us by sending us an email at [syntax-privacy@sentry.io](mailto:syntax-privacy@sentry.io).

The data controller of your personal information is Functional Software,
Inc. Our address is Functional Software, Inc., 45 Fremont Street, 8th
Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105.

**[Return to top](#top)**

#### Supplemental notice for EU or UK individual <a name="supplemental-eu-and-uk"></a>

1\. **Who this notice applies to**. This supplemental notice supplements
the information above in our Privacy Policy and, except as provided
herein, applies solely if you are based in the European Union (EU) or
United Kingdom (UK). Any capitalized terms used but not defined in this
supplemental notice have the meanings set forth in our Privacy Policy.

2\. **What is our legal basis of processing**. We collect and process
information about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so
under applicable data protection laws. This means we collect and process
your information only where:

- We need it to perform our contract with you, including to provide
  the Service, register you as a new user, and provide support;

- It satisfies our legitimate interests, such as to market and promote
  the Service, to protect the safety and security of the Service, and
  to protect our legal rights and interests, which are not overridden
  by your own interests, rights and freedoms;

- It is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection
  with a legal claim, such as to respond to judicial orders or
  subpoenas; or

- You provide consent for a specific purpose, such as for marketing
  communications (where consent is required under applicable marketing
  laws).

The legal bases depend on the type of information and the purpose for
our processing. In some contexts, more than one legal basis applies.

#### Supplemental notice for California Residents <a name="supplemental-california"></a>

1\. **Who and what this notice applies to**. This supplemental notice
supplements the information in our Privacy Policy, and except as
specified otherwise in the Privacy Policy, applies solely to California
residents. It applies to personal information we collect on or through
the Service and through other means (such as information collected
offline, in person, and over video calls). It does not apply to personal
information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their
capacity as employees and job applicants. It also does not apply to
personal information we process as a service provider. Any capitalized
terms used but not defined in this supplemental notice have the meanings
set forth in our Privacy Policy.

2\. **What the CCPA requires us to tell you**. If you are a California
resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional
information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose your "personal
information"and "sensitive personal information"(as defined in the
California Consumer Privacy Act ("**CCPA**").

3\. **What's included in our Privacy Policy**. Throughout our Privacy
Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information and
sensitive personal information we collect, the sources of that
information, and how we disclose it.

4\. **Categories of personal information we collect**. Under the CCPA,
we are also required to provide you with the \"categories\" of personal
information we collect and disclose. Those categories of personal
information are as set forth in the table below. We collect and disclose
those categories of personal information for the purposes described in
our Privacy Policy, including for the business or commercial purposes
(as those terms are defined in applicable law) set forth in the table
below.

<style>
table.personal-information-categories, 
table.personal-information-categories td {
  margin: 0;
  padding: 0 1rem;
  border: 1px solid black;
  font-size: 100%;
  font: inherit;
  vertical-align: baseline;
  font-size: 16px;
}
table.personal-information-categories {
  border-collapse: collapse;
  border-spacing: 0;
}
.personal-information-categories p, li {
    font-size: 16px; /* needs extra specificity */
}
</style>

<table class="personal-information-categories">
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong>Category of Personal Information</strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong>Business or Commercial Purposes</strong></p></td>

<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Identifiers (such as name, address, email address, phone number,
other account information, and cookies)</p></td>
<td rowspan="10">
<ul>
<li>Operate and provide our Service </li>
<li>Audit interactions on our Service</li>
<li>Prevent fraud</li>
<li>Enhance security  </li>
<li>Detect bugs and errors </li>
<li>Analyze use of, or improve, the Service </li>
<li>Customize displayed content </li>
<li>Comply with laws; defend our legal rights</li>
<li>Other uses that advance our commercial or economic interests </li>
<li>Other uses about which we notify you</li>
</ul>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>
<p>Commercial information (such as order information, shopping
information and support information)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Financial data (such as credit card information)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address
or service usage)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Geolocation information (general location)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Inference data about you</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Sensory information (such as audio recordings if you chat with
our support team)</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated
with you</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Sensitive personal information (account log-in, financial data,
and password or other credentials allowing access to your
account)</p></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

5\. **Our sources of personal information**. We collect the categories
of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1)
directly from you; (2) through your use of the Service; (3) affiliates;
(4) third parties such as Github (when you log in using one of those
accounts); (5) social media and other content platforms; (6) public
databases; (7) business partners; and (8) service providers.

6\. **Aggregation and de-identification**. We may combine the
information we collect ("aggregate" or remove pieces of information
("de-identify" to limit or prevent identification of any particular user
or device.

7\. **Our information disclosure practices**. We describe our
information disclosure practices in our Privacy Policy. We may disclose
certain categories of personal information with third parties (as
defined by the CCPA) for the business purposes described above. For
example, if you elect to use Third-Party Checkout Services, such as
Shopify Shop Pay, we may disclose your identifiers and commercial
information to the provider as described in our Privacy Policy.

8\. **Do not sell**. We do not sell or share (as such terms are defined
in the CCPA) your personal information to third parties.

9\. **Your rights under California law**. If you are a California
resident, you may have certain rights. California law may permit you to
request that we:

- Provide you the categories of personal information we have collected
  or disclosed about you; the categories of sources of such
  information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting,
  "selling,"or "sharing"your personal information; the categories of
  third parties to whom we disclose or "sell,"or with whom we
  "share,"personal information; and the categories of personal
  information we "sell."

- Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about
  you.

- Delete certain information we have about you.

- Correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.

You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for
in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Certain
information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We
need certain types of information so that we can provide the Service to
you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or
use the Service.

10\. **How to exercise your rights**. If you would like to exercise any
of these rights, you can submit a request at [syntax-privacy@sentry.io](mailto:syntax-privacy@sentry.io). You will be required to
verify your identity before we fulfill your request. To do so, you will
need to provide information to match with our existing records to verify
your identity depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity
of the information sought (e.g., provide your email address). You can
also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To
do so, you must provide us with written authorization or a power of
attorney, signed by you, for the agent to act on your behalf. You will
still need to verify your identity directly with us.

11\. **Sensitive personal information**. The CCPA also allows you to
limit the use or disclosure of your "sensitive personal information"(as
defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for
certain purposes. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive
personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt
out under the CCPA.

12\. **Financial Incentive**. We occasionally run giveaways,
sweepstakes, and contests where participants may provide personal
information in return for a chance to win certain prizes. You can opt
into the giveaway, sweepstakes, or contest by taking the requested
action. Your participation is completely voluntary, and you have a right
to withdraw from these incentives at any time. If you decide you don't
want to participate in these financial incentives, you can refrain from
taking the requested actions.

The specific reward or incentive offered, if any, is made available to
you when you take the action specified in the particular giveaway,
sweepstakes, or contest. The monetary value of the reward or incentive
is a reasonable approximation of the monetary value of the information
you provide us. We have arrived at this estimate based on consideration
of multiple factors, including the following: (1) revenue we generate in
developing insights on our users; (2) expenses we incur in operating the
giveaway, sweepstakes, or contest; and (3) our reasonable assessment of
revenue we may generate as a result of the referrals provided to us by
our users.

13\. **Data retention**. Please see the "Data retention"section of our
Privacy Policy for information about our [data retention practices](#data-retention).

#### Supplemental notice for other US states <a name="supplemental-us-other"></a>

1\. **CPA Categories**. For disclosures required by the Colorado Privacy
Act (CPA) regarding the categories of personal information, processing
purposes, and disclosures to third parties, please see the "Categories
of personal information we collect"and "Our information disclosure
practices" sections in the Supplemental notice for California Residents,
which can be found [here](#supplemental-california)

2\. **Do not sell**. We do not sell your personal information or use
your personal information for targeted advertising or for profiling \*\*
\*\*in furtherance of decisions that produce legal effects or effects of
similar significance, as those terms are defined in the CPA and other
applicable privacy laws.

3\. **Your rights**. Applicable state law (such as the CPA, Virginia
Consumer Data Protection Act, and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act) may
give you certain rights. The law of your jurisdiction may permit you to
request that we:

- Confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information
  and provide you with access such personal information;

- Correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into
  account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of
  the processing of the personal information;

- Delete your personal information;

- Provide you a copy of personal information that you previously
  provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically
  feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data
  to another business, where our processing is carried out by
  automated means; and

- Opt you out of the processing of personal information for purposes
  of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, or
  profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or
  similarly significant effects concerning you.

Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable
law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our
Service. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access
or use the Service.

4\. **How to exercise your rights**. If you would like to exercise any
of these rights, you can submit a request at [syntax-privacy@sentry.io](mailto:syntax-privacy@sentry.io). You will be required to
verify your identity before we fulfil your request. To do so, you will
need to provide information to match with our existing records to verify
your identity depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity
of the information sought.

5\. **Right to appeal**. If we deny your request to exercise any of the
rights above, you may appeal that denial by contacting us in the manner
described above and describing in detail why you believe the denial was
in error. Your description must include your full name and email
address, along with a copy of the denial notice you received from us.
