## Syntax Terms of Service

_Last Updated: 08/30/2023_

### Introduction

_If you want to use Syntax, follow these Terms. Sometimes, we update
these Terms so check back here to see the latest updates._

- These Terms of Service (these “Terms” apply to Syntax.fm and its other
  sites, applications, platforms and services (collectively, “Syntax”.
  By using Syntax and/or purchasing something from us, you agree to be
  bound by these Terms. Syntax is operated by Functional Software, Inc.
  dba Sentry (herein referred to as “we” “us”and “our”.

- We may modify, add or delete portions of these Terms at any time by
  notifying you of the change in writing (including by email or by
  posting the modified Terms on Syntax and updating the date above).
  Please check these Terms frequently for updates. Your continued use of
  Syntax following the posting of updated Terms means that you agree to
  those changes.

### Copyrights

_Creating content is a lot of work. Our podcasts and content are
protected by intellectual property laws. Please don’t use them for
anything other than personal use without our permission._

- The contents of Syntax are protected by U.S. and international
  copyright laws. The contents of Syntax are owned by us or licensed to
  us by other providers of content to Syntax ("Content Providers"). If
  you submit "User Materials" (as defined in the "User Materials"
  section of these Terms), you are a Content Provider that provides
  content to us. You may not reproduce, distribute, republish, upload,
  transmit, display, prepare derivative works of, scrape for the
  purposes of replicating or republishing (by you or by third parties)
  publicly perform, sell, transfer, assign, license or use for
  commercial purposes any copyrighted material on Syntax without our
  prior written consent, except as provided in these Terms. All rights
  not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved to us.

- Syntax provides podcasts consisting of audio content that is provided
  using media players, content feeds or downloadable files that may be
  downloaded and played from a user's device. You may download, copy
  and/or transfer a podcast to a device only for your personal,
  noncommercial use.

### Trademarks

_Like our podcast, the names and logos on our site are protected by
intellectual property laws. Please don’t use those without our
permission._

- Syntax, the Syntax logo, Sentry, the Sentry logo and the names, logos
  and program names of Content Providers and any other trademarks or
  service marks appearing with Syntax, are the property of Functional
  Software, Inc. dba Sentry, Content Providers or other licensors. These
  marks are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution and
  confusing or misleading uses under national and international
  trademark laws, and all rights in these marks are reserved by their
  respective owners. Except as otherwise expressly permitted elsewhere
  in these Terms, you may not use any such marks without the prior
  written consent of their respective owner(s).

### User Materials

_If you post any content to Syntax, you still own your content, but we
have the right to show that content throughout Syntax. Please be mindful
of the content you post and be respectful of our other users. We can
take down anything you post that we think violates these terms._

- Users of Syntax may post, upload, transmit and otherwise submit
  ("Post") comments, messages, recommendations, reviews, photos, images,
  story ideas, essays and other content and materials ("User Materials")
  on or through the social networking features, discussions, Contact Us
  page, and other features of Syntax. You acknowledge that User
  Materials may be routed through our servers, the servers of one or
  more third parties, and the Internet, and may be viewed by our staff
  and on Syntax by the general public. You acknowledge that Syntax,
  including the social networking features, discussions, Contact Us page
  and other features of Syntax, are for generally public and not private
  communications.

- You retain the copyright and other ownership rights in any User
  Materials that you Post on or through Syntax. However, by Posting User
  Materials on or through Syntax, you grant us and our licensees a
  non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, transferable
  license to use, copy, sublicense, modify, transmit, publicly perform,
  display (including framing), create derivative works of, host, index,
  cache, tag, encode, and/or adapt your User Materials (including your
  name, likeness, voice and biographical information to the extent
  included therein) in any and all media formats, channels or platforms,
  whether now known or hereafter devised, including without limitation
  on Syntax or our third-party licensee sites, applications, platforms
  and services, without payment and without further notice to you or
  request for consent. You further grant us and our licensees the right
  to contact you in connection with your User Materials and to use your
  name, location and other information that you have provided in
  connection with the User Materials.

- For any User Materials you Post on or through Syntax, you agree to
  abide by the following rules for Posting User Materials through
  Syntax:

<!-- -->

- You may not Post any User Materials under a false name or a false
  email address. You may not impersonate another user or provide any
  false information about yourself.

- You may not Post any User Materials or links to material that is
  libelous, defamatory, false, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic,
  violent, abusive, threatening, harassing, discriminatory, in violation
  of the law, harmful to children, in violation of third-party privacy
  rights, or that constitutes hate speech or a personal attack.

- You may only Post User Materials for which you have the copyright or
  other necessary rights and permissions to distribute electronically.
  You may not plagiarize content or violate or infringe on the rights of
  third parties, including copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret,
  privacy, personal, publicity, moral or proprietary rights.

- You may not Post any material containing any solicitation of funds,
  advertising, promotion, solicitation for goods and services, or
  recruiting.

<!-- -->

- You are solely responsible for any User Materials Posted using your
  account. We do not and cannot review all User Materials Posted by you
  or others and are not responsible for any User Materials submitted by
  you or others on or through Syntax. However, we have the right (but
  not the obligation) to review, screen, refuse to post, delete, edit or
  move any User Materials that we deem, in our sole discretion, to be in
  violation of these Terms, or for any other reason, as determined in
  our sole discretion.

### Rules for Use of Syntax

_You’ll need to be 18 years or older to use some of the features of the
site. Don’t use Syntax for any illegal purposes or to try to cause harm
to Syntax or anybody else. If you don’t follow these rules, we have the
right to block your access to Syntax._

- You must be at least 18 years of age to submit any User Materials or
  personal information on or through Syntax, create a public profile,
  participate in any online contests, or place an order with the Syntax
  online store.

- In addition to the other restrictions set forth in these Terms, You
  may not use Syntax or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b)
  to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c)
  to violate any international, federal, provincial or state
  regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or
  violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property
  rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander,
  disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual
  orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or
  disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to
  upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that
  will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or
  operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or
  the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of
  others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or
  scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere
  with or circumvent the security features of Syntax or any related
  website, other websites, or the Internet.

<!-- -->

- You acknowledge that we have the right to limit or terminate your, or
  any other person's, access to or registration in Syntax for any
  reason, in our sole discretion, including violation of these Terms.

### Online Store Purchases

_If you want to buy something from our swag store (and who wouldn’t?),
please read the terms below for more details about placing orders,
returns and payment._

- Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online
  e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our swag to you. In order
  to make a purchase from the store using an accelerated check out
  method, you may need to create an account directly with Shopify or
  another payment method in order for them to process your payment. Use
  of any accelerated check out method will be subject to the terms and
  privacy policy between you and the provider of such method.

- We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our
  products to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may
  exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to
  limit the quantities of any products that we offer. All descriptions
  of products or product pricing are subject to change at any time
  without notice, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to
  discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product made on
  this site is void where prohibited.

- We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the
  colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot
  guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be
  accurate. We do not warrant that the quality of any products purchased
  or obtained by you will meet your expectations.

- Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation
  neither signifies our acceptance of your order, nor constitutes
  confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time
  after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any
  reason or to limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per
  household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed
  by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or
  orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event
  that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify
  you by contacting the e‑mail and/or billing address/phone number
  provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit
  or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by
  dealers, resellers or distributors.

- You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and
  account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to
  promptly update your account and other information, including your
  email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we
  can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.

- We may charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders.
  Otherwise, you are solely responsible for all sales or other taxes, on
  orders shipped to you.

- Products are subject to return or exchange only according to our [Return Policy](https://sentry.shop/policies/refund-policy).

### Links to Third-Party Sites

_Sometimes we link to other sites that we find interesting. We don’t
operate those sites and just because we think something is worth
checking out doesn’t mean that we endorse or are making any guarantees
about the products or services provided on those sites._

- Syntax contain links to sites, applications, platforms and services
  maintained by third parties over which we have no control. We do not
  endorse the content, products or services of such sites, applications,
  platforms and services, or any of their operators, and we are not
  responsible or liable for the content, availability, accuracy,
  quality, advertising, products, services or other materials on or
  available from such sites, applications, platforms and services. We
  shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
  damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with
  use of or reliance on any such content, products or services available
  on or through such sites, applications, platforms and services.

### Representations; Indemnity

_If you post anything on Syntax, you’ll make the promises below about
anything you post. You’ll also agree to be responsible if anything you
post puts us in a bad position._

- You represent and warrant that if you Post any User Materials or
  personal information on or through Syntax, (a) you are at least 18
  years of age, (b) you have obtained all clearances, releases, licenses
  and rights to any User Materials you Post on or through Syntax that
  may be necessary for their use as contemplated by Syntax and these
  Terms, (c) there are no encumbrances or restrictions on the User
  Materials or their use as contemplated by Syntax and these Terms, (d)
  the User Materials, and their use by us and our licensees, and users
  of Syntax does not and will not libel any person or entity, or violate
  or infringe upon the copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret,
  privacy, reputation, creative or other rights of any person or entity
  or violate these Terms, and (e) your use of Syntax complies with these
  Terms. You agree that you will indemnify and hold harmless us, Content
  Providers, and their respective directors, officers, employees,
  members, and licensees from any and all claims, liabilities, costs or
  expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from (1) your
  breach of any of the above representations and warranties, (2) your
  use of Syntax, (3) any authorized use, publication or distribution of
  the User Materials you have Posted on or through Syntax.

### Disclaimer

_We aren’t responsible for content that you or other users post to
Syntax. Use Syntax at your own discretion –even though we like it, we
don’t promise that you will._

- We are not responsible or liable for any User Materials Posted by you
  or a third party, on or through Syntax. We cannot verify the accuracy
  of statements that users make or place on or through Syntax, and do
  not guarantee that any User Materials have been submitted with the
  permission of the copyright or proprietary owner or are otherwise in
  compliance with these Terms.

- SYNTAX AND ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS, FEATURES OR
  PRODUCTS AVAILABLE OR SOLD ON OR THROUGH SYNTAX ARE AVAILABLE ON AN
  "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS," AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY
  WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT
  LIMITATION THE OPERATION OF SYNTAX OR THE INFORMATION, MATERIALS,
  GOODS, OR SERVICES APPEARING OR OFFERED ON SYNTAX OR WITH RESPECT TO
  ANY WEBSITES OR SERVICES LINKED FROM SYNTAX. WE DISCLAIM ALL
  WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
  TO (I) THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
  PURPOSE AND TITLE; (II) THE WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT,
  MISAPPROPRIATION OR VIOLATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR
  PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF ANY PERSON; (III) WARRANTIES ARISING THROUGH
  COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE IN TRADE; AND (IV) THE WARRANTIES RELATING
  TO THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CORRECTNESS, OR COMPLETENESS OF DATA OR
  CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON SYNTAX. FURTHER, THERE IS NO WARRANTY THAT
  SYNTAX WILL MEET YOUR NEEDS OR REQUIREMENTS OR THE NEEDS OR
  REQUIREMENTS OF ANY OTHER PERSON. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT SYNTAX WILL
  BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, UP-TO-DATE, FREE OF VIRUSES,
  UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. WE DO NOT ENDORSE, RECOMMEND, OR MAKE ANY
  WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONTENT, INFORMATION, MATERIALS, USER MATERIALS,
  FEATURES, SERVICES, PRODUCTS, OPINIONS, OR STATEMENTS AVAILABLE ON OR
  THROUGH THE SYNTAX OR THROUGH LINKS ON SYNTAX. WE MAKE NO
  REPRESENTATION THAT SYNTAX IS APPROPRIATE OR WILL BE AVAILABLE FOR USE
  OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION MADE
  AVAILABLE BY OR ON BEHALF OF US SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY. USE OF
  SYNTAX IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.

- IF APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF SOME OR ALL OF THE
  ABOVE IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES TO APPLY TO YOU, THE ABOVE
  EXCLUSIONS WILL APPLY TO YOU TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
  APPLICABLE LAW AND ANY STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES WILL BE LIMITED
  TO THE SHORTEST LEGALLY PERMITTED PERIOD.

### Limitation of Liability

_Since we don’t charge you to use Syntax, we aren’t going to be liable
to you for your use of Syntax. You can stop using Syntax any time you
like._

- IN NO EVENT WILL WE, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR
  CONTENT PROVIDERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO
  THESE TERMS FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, RELIANCE OR
  CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, EVEN IF INFORMED OF THEIR
  POSSIBILITY IN ADVANCE. OUR, OUR OFFICERS’ DIRECTORS’ EMPLOYEES’
  AGENTS’AND CONTENT PROVIDERS’ENTIRE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR
  RELATED TO THESE TERMS WILL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS
  (U.S.\$100).

### International Users

_We love having an international audience, but we’re not experts on
international law. Please make sure your use of Syntax is permitted
wherever you are located._

- Syntax is controlled and operated within the United States. We make no
  representation that content, materials or products available on or
  through Syntax are appropriate or available for use outside of the
  United States. If you access Syntax from a location outside the United
  States, you are responsible for compliance with applicable laws,
  including local laws regarding online conduct and content and U.S.
  export laws and regulations.

## Changes to Syntax

_If we need to make changes to Syntax, we can._

- We reserve the right to change, terminate or suspend Syntax, any
  features of Syntax (including, but not limited to, podcasts), and any
  content or materials contained in Syntax, in any way, at any time and
  for any reason or no reason. We also have the right to require you to
  cease accessing any features, content or materials of Syntax.

## Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) Notices; Copyright Agent

_If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on Syntax,
please follow the procedures below to register a DMCA complaint._

- We respect the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe
  that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright
  infringement by any content or material on Syntax, please provide the
  following information in writing to Syntax’s Copyright Agent (see 17
  U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) for further detail):

<!-- -->

- a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
  behalf of the owner of the copyright.

- a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been
  infringed.

- a description of the material that you claim to be infringing or to be
  the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access
  to which is to be disabled, and information sufficient to permit us to
  locate the material.

- information so that we can contact you, such as address, telephone
  number and email address.

- a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material
  in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner,
  its agent, or the law.

- a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and,
  under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are
  authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is
  allegedly infringed.

<!-- -->

- If you believe that any content or materials you posted, uploaded or
  Posted to Syntax, that were subsequently removed from Syntax, or to
  which access was disabled, were improperly removed or disabled, please
  provide the following Counter-Notification to Syntax’s Copyright Agent
  (see 17 U.S.C. § 512(g) for further detail):

<!-- -->

- your physical or electronic signature.

- a description of the materials that have been removed or to which
  access has been disabled and the location at which the material
  appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled.

- a statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good faith belief
  that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or
  misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled.

- your name, address and telephone number, and a statement that you
  consent to the jurisdiction of the Federal District Court for the
  judicial district in which the address is located, and that you will
  accept service of process from the person who provided notification of
  the alleged infringement.

<!-- -->

- Syntax’s Copyright Agent can be reached as follows:

Copyright Agent

Functional Software, Inc. dba Sentry

45 Fremont Street, 8<sup>th</sup> Floor

San Francisco, CA 94105

Email: copyright@sentry.io

</blockquote>

Only DMCA notices should be sent to the Copyright Agent. For other
comments or questions regarding Syntax, please contact us through our
Contact Us page.

### Miscellaneous

_And the rest of the legal boilerplate…_

- These Terms, together with the [Privacy Policy](/pages/privacy),
  represent the entire understanding of the parties regarding the use of
  Syntax and supersede any previous documents, correspondence,
  conversations, or other oral or written understanding related to the
  use of Syntax. These Terms are separate and distinct from the terms of
  use governing Sentry and the sites, applications, platforms and
  services that may link to or from Syntax. These Terms are governed by
  and construed under California law, without regard to its choice of
  law rules, and, where applicable, the laws of the United States. To
  the extent permissible by law, any disputes under these Terms or
  relating to Syntax shall be litigated in the local or federal courts
  located in San Francisco, California, and you hereby consent to
  personal jurisdiction and venue in San Francisco, California. A
  modification or waiver of a part of these Terms shall not constitute a
  waiver or modification of any other portion of the Terms. If for any
  reason any provision of these Terms is found unenforceable, that
  provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the
  remainder of the Terms will continue in full force and effect.
